good Sunday morning of this video is a
day in a life of an immigrant in San
Francisco it's been officially six
months seven months in seven seven seven
months since I was in San Francisco and
today yeah I'll take you with me
[Music]
mmm eh this is my porridge eme porridge
is ready I will now cut my strawberries
and get some raspberries and make my
breakfast I will be leaving my house in
round five minutes because I need to run
to my yoga class but first I need to
finish something so from my childhood on
I was dreaming of becoming a singer but
I became an entrepreneur which I say I
think it's better for me but I still
have this dream of singing so I will be
recording a cover for a song Polly Allen
song recorded by a Russian guy so yes a
recording is on Tuesday and I need to
confirm everything so excited where she
already filmed the video because it's
going to be a video music video what
it's going to be a cover together with a
video which is like one of the best
videos I'm going to have on my channel
so I'm super excited when you
doughnut-dog
are only cute clean floor I am waiting
for my over and actually people tell me
it's California things starts every
phrase with itself so I'm saying that
all the time you'll be surprised how
inefficient the public transportation is
here and I can tell you that here in San
Francisco I've never ever used a bus
like never a nice Cal train which goes
all the way along here which is like one
hour drive but within the city it's only
over or lyft and uber pool sometimes
cost me like three dollars which is the
same price as a bus so I'm waiting for
my uber but it's really
really tough today because of the Spade
breakers marathon so my uber cost $11
today I am moving from my apartment to
another one and I was looking at these
buildings first and the funniest thing
is that the price for one-bedroom
apartment and this cool Morton building
it's almost the same as in a small you
know ugly house somewhere in a different
really different location and so we
decided to look for an environment in
one of those toll cool building but yeah
my application was declined twice and I
was like I have two weeks to move and I
don't know where I'm moving so we
decided to go for an apartment that is
owned by the building and these guys
actually nicer to immigrants because I
came to her and I said I don't have any
credit history if some time bank could
come this is my company what can I do
she's like okay let's work it out you
can provide this document this document
but still cuts along the apartment hello
I'm recording my video and the guys who
own the apartment they would just
outsource everything to an agency and
the agency doesn't really care about
your credit score itself they actually
do well up sales towards everything for
an agency and an agency which has asked
them to collect as many applications as
they can and then select the best and
I'm not the best because I just came to
the states in the work status
so months ago what's going on there
that's the festival of a breakage and
everywhere everybody goes crazy they
dress up and they run and they scream
when they shout the San Francisco
[Music]
an intersection
oh I came to my friend's place and
super-amazing swimming pool there I
worked a little for an hour and I'm
going in for a swim
[Music]
I go ready to see my aunt but before I
go I wanted to tell you a story of how I
met my aunt yes this sounds funny so
when I first came to the States
back in 2013 that was the first day that
I met my American part of family it's a
very distant family I never knew they
were here well my grandma told me you
have some people in the States but we
never met and then in 2013 we decided to
come and see them and so I have my
grandest cousin who is in the States and
his daughter is in her 30s so she's no
like aunt on did you think of like she's
a grandma she's not she's an amazing
person and I'm so lucky she ended up in
San Francisco at the same time as me
because she was based in New York and I
met her briefly and I was like she's a
cool person but I wouldn't
saint-petersburg and she's in the States
and then if you don't know my story my
story was that I got admitted to
American universities and I was
seriously considering taking two masters
or doing my MBA but then we received
investment for a startup so I decided to
drop my dream I'm kidding an impaired
masters and decided to run my company
instead and the best place to run a
company in the world I think is the
Silicon Valley if it's a start-up so we
moved to the valley and she calls me one
day and says you know what my company is
transferring me from New York to San
Francisco I like this is the best thing
that has happened and this year we ended
up in the same city which is great
because I well I don't see her every day
is not like we live together it's just
this feeling that you have somebody
close especially when you come to the
city for the first time that is helpful
so I see her like one
since two weeks me and she also has a
dog who's gonna live with me soon
because she's going to travel so yeah
let's go and see my auntie I was coming
here in an uber with a driver who just
moved to California from Indiana and
asked you why and he said because it
doesn't still here they don't like yes
yes that's one of the reasons I love
California and the second lady was in
her 70s and she was discussing how she
wants to go back to the University and
to her master's yes and we're always
here my aunt lives in typical San
Francisco South home yes hi there you
should visualize it yeah come on blood
there I meet my auntie what is your name
Elena what do you do I work and find you
what is your favorite thing about San
Francisco the fact there's a drone above
us well I'm trying to enjoy the food a
bridge is nice there is a foreign you
know backyard me my horse is visibly
what's my favorite thing at this as
understand Francisco and I have a
unicorn's my Harris
[Music]
what's going on with it
really it comes o it comes from Golden
Gate Bridge side and go through the city
okay guys that's it for today I'm going
home
and I'm going to see Silicon Valley
episode 3 and I'm so excited about it
the statue soldiers like you're
interested Silicon Valley life will be
worse so I'm going to finish at home
sorry
so freeze I'm back house nice and more
banana mighty gonna watch the Silicon
Valley going to work for like half an
hour and yeah that was it that was my
Sunday let me know if you like this
video and if you want more of these
videos if you have any questions please
let them let me know and leave them down
in the comments below because my brain
is frozen you'll see in the next videos
don't forget to subscribe bye bye
[Music]